# DH150-Assignment05-UserinContext
## Amanda Ruan

## Reflection

  Overall, the interview went more smoothly than I thought. At first I thought it might be hard to interview someone virtually. I also spent a lot more time on coming up with the interview guide than I thought, and I actually found it hard to create objective open-ended contextual and activity questions and also to create contextual questions that relevant to my project theme. Throughout the interview process, although I try to actively initiate more questions based on the interviewee’s responses, I found it hard to come up with interview questions at the same time when I was taking in and comprehending the relative novel information provided by the interviewee. So when I was reviewing the interview videos, I felt like at some points, I could ask more insight questions but I did not think about that during the actual interview. 
  
  I really appreciate the whole contextual inquiry part, because it really allowed me to listen to what a potential user thought and wanted and allowed me to understand the context of potential users. I felt like I was led by the interviewee during the interview (as a listener), as she provided so much information that I could not foresee. For instance, she mentioned that COVID-19 testing booths information were hard to find, as many sites did not provide that piece of information while she expected to see, In addition, she also talked about mental health problems and problems that might associated with other groups related to the pandemic, while information related to those problems were scarce on the apps/websites she visited. She also suggested that a Q&A feature could be helpful as people could have all kinds of needs and questions. There are examples of the insight she provided that I did not think about before, and the information really makes me rethink about directions and features of my project.
  
  Another important point about this interview is that the interviewee is a former student of this class, which means she has already possessed knowledge and understanding of this assignment. This might prompt her to answer in a more professional way related to user research, as she explained a lot during the entire interview process, compared to a true novice who might provide more “outsider” insight. Thus, I really want to conduct the contextual inquiry again with someone who does not have user experience background. In addition, the interviewee might also not be representative for the whole target audience population, so it could be better if I could ask more people with diverse backgrounds to better understand the context, as the goal of the project is to service the public. 
